now this isn't something that i wanted
to do
it's more the kind of thing that i'm
being forced to do
so this right here is one of the zeon
platinum 8180 10
processors from our six workstations one
cpu project
and i dropped it i didn't realize it was
broken at the time but i knocked it off
the desk and a cursory look at it showed
me that it was probably okay and it
booted in the motherboard
that is until i realized one of the
memory channels wasn't working and the
cpu had a bloomin dent in the side of it
so out of desperation i emailed my good
friend steven burke over at gamersnexus
to ask him what to do and he said well
here's something you could try and if it
doesn't work well at least you'll get a
bunch of views on youtube while you're
breaking it
so
if things go wrong today you know who to
blame
[Music]
with pulseway you can remotely monitor
manage and control all your windows mac
and linux machines from one app create
your free account today at the link in
the video description
oh there it is oh my god how am i gonna
get this out
sweet so before i show you guys how i
plan to repair this
very
expensive and very damaged cpu i've got
to get my test bench prepped to even
show you guys what exactly is the
problem with it right now because the
thing does actually work
at least the last time that i tried it
um mostly sort of so first we're gonna
need
a different motherboard
we're going to need one that uses the
lga 3647
socket
and this one
hopefully still works
someone didn't put it away properly and
there's no socket cover on it actually
does look okay so we're going to go
ahead and throw this on the bench
and then we will go from there
one small step that i
sort of missed a little bit here
this one oh come on just sure no what
one that's right sure wait yes good cool
okay uh all right
wait what what the hell oh crap all
right that wasn't so hard and
look at that it slides right down the
heatsink fins and these two screws
are what actually put enough pressure on
the cpu in the socket to ensure that all
those contact pads are making contact
with all the pins
inside
so you know what we're going to start
with just one stick in dim slot a1
and see if we can even get that to go
because i haven't tested this since the
well last time i tested it
let's go over here
oh come on now
is it dented
if this doesn't do anything there's kind
of a chance we have no video at all
right now
so i'm
legitimately very nervous
i can't remember where it is
well no it's like got to be on here
somewhere there it is
what
is that
all right all right all right i get it
the working theory right now because we
can't see any physical damage on the
outside is that somewhere in here
something kind of lifted away
so
i figure
if i put some glue in there
and clamp it down
maybe it'll
stick together well enough that it'll
work again
bonds wood stone metal ceramic foam
glass and more
i think this is this falls squarely in
the and more category
so we're going to use this finishing
nail because we didn't find anything
else lying around we are going to
kind of jam it in there this is really
stupid this is not gonna work i think
the best thing that can happen at this
point is for this video to never see the
light of day
and trust me this hurts me at least as
much as it hurts you
yep
you guys got it right
this is what's
happening
hold on
connect extra set of hands no i'm good
just hold still a little cpu
promise this won't hurt a bit
okay
oh boy
well let's leave that for a little bit
how long does gorilla glue want to set
one to two hours
we don't have one to two hours so we'll
give it a little bit here
okay
so here we go
impossible to say
if that's gonna make any difference
at least until we install it
everything we do from here on out david
is just to satisfy our own curiosity
because there's no video here
all right i'm not even gonna bother
putting the fan on the cpu because like
it's not going to heat up if it doesn't
turn on
just for fun i'm gonna pull the cmos
battery really don't think any of this
is gonna get me anywhere i'm gonna try a
black memory slot this time
[Music]
knowing fully well that this isn't going
to work
i'm going to try another board
hopefully you let me down
it's like
that pure optimism that's keeping me
going right now
here i go again putting this thing in
okay
now this board
is
not even like
close to fitting on this test bench
it's not quite as good vibes
if this wasn't completely just a waste
of my time i wouldn't be so frustrated
right now
i don't know i mean we've come this far
we might as well put another
cpu on the other side maybe this is a
dual socket board that doesn't boot with
just one cpu i i don't know
all right
i give up
check out the link in the video
depression get description off shattered
hopes and dreams today
[Music]
after you left
i thought jake was using this with
unraid before
and he might have set it up so that the
onboard video is the default
and so i went and grabbed the vga
monitor
and we posted
it it's posted
if this works
i don't have to go crawling back to
intel asking for
another one to finish six workstations
one cpu
i wasn't recording audio i'm sorry
no audio no not at all no no no no well
camera is going but it's enough okay
everything
looks
normal it works well uh we don't know
yet because remember
it already worked at one point with five
ram channels so i've got to load it up
jake can i have the other uh ram by any
chance
thank you
i don't know if i
deserve a medal
or like
a swift kick in the ass
it's kind of hard to get this
stick in here ah
because of the like angle of this what
is going on
like everything about this whole setup
is so jank
come on baby
what do you want colton
i'm trying to find out if i have to
spend 10 grand replacing this thing or
not
[Music]
call somebody
yeah thanks
did you no seriously did you try
unplugging it and plugging it back in
okay what is it doing
hurry up
can i see the post screen please
where is it
it works but it only works about the
same as before
so you can see here we've got
327 gigs of ram instead of 364.
so the good news is we are
booted seemingly stably into our os here
with all 56 of our cpu cores detected
and
well
you know
11 12 of our memory
also detected but the bad news is that
our attempt to fix the broken memory
channel did not
in fact succeed
so
hopefully if nothing else this was
an entertaining run through some of the
stuff that we would normally do behind
the scenes over here
[Music]
yeah
so we're on location in my garage to
tell you guys about our sponsor for
today massdrop massdrop is featuring the
massdrop x hi-fi man he 4xx planar
magnetic headphones so hi-fi man's been
around since 2007 and they're well known
for their affordable and great sounding
headphones in particular with planar
magnetic drivers these ones feature an
open back design with a super
comfortable build with extra soft
cushioning in the ear pads and this like
soft luxurious velour and you can check
them out at the link below to join the
drop of course mattress drop has all
kinds of stuff
oh hard to even talk i'm like so cold
right now
so thanks for watching guys if you
disliked this video you can hit that
button but if you liked it hit like get
subscribed or maybe consider checking
out where to buy the stuff we featured
at the link in the video description
also down there is our merch store which
has cool shirts like this one and our
community forum which you should totally
join
on the one hand i'm like really
disappointed that it doesn't work
or any better but on the other hand i'm
glad it still works at all
maybe let me know in the comments below
or
whatever should we just go ahead with
five channel memory or
should we like pony up and get a new one
i really don't want to